README.md, before:

# Flying Cars #

A flying car is a type of personal air vehicle or roadable aircraft that provides door-to-door transportation by both ground and air.  Just like Cora which is designed by Kitty Hawk.
![cora](img/Kitty-Hawk-Cora-Air-Taxi.jpg  "cora")

You can learn more about Cora and Kitty Hawk by visiting their website

- [Cora](https://cora.aero/)
- [Kitty Hawk](https://kittyhawk.aero/)

This repository is built to showcase completed classroom projects of [Flying Car Nanodegree](https://www.udacity.com/course/flying-car-nanodegree--nd787) offered by [Udacity](https://www.udacity.com/)

This README is broken down into the following sections:
 
 - [Backyard Flyer](#backyard-flyer)
 - [3D Motion Planning](#3d-motion-planning)
 - [Building a Controller](#building-a-controller)
 - [Estimation](#estimation)

## Backyard Flyer ##
***Make a simulated drone fly in a square shape!***

In this project, we have written the "Hello, world!" of drone programming as we write event-driven code that causes a  quadrotor to take off, fly in a square, and land.

This project is the first project of Flying Car Nanodegree as an exercise of *Introduction to Autonomous Flight* section of the program.You can find more information about the implementation steps of this project on the project's own [README](/Backyard-Flyer/README.md) file. Also, You can visit the project's original [repository](https://github.com/udacity/FCND-Backyard-Flyer) for further information.

**My Solution**
[Solution](Backyard-Flyer/backyard_flyer_solution.py)



## 3D Motion Planning ##
In this project, we've got a chance to apply what we've learned about 3D motion planning from the *Planning* section classes to plan and execute a mission in a complex urban environment!

You can find more information about the implementation steps of this project on the project's own [README](Motion-Planning/README.md) file. Also, You can visit the project's original [repository](https://github.com/udacity/FCND-Motion-Planning) for further information.

**My Solution**
[Solution](/Motion-Planning/planning_utils_solution.py)
[Solution Write-up](/Motion-Planning/FCND-Motion_Planning.pdf)

## Building a Controller ##

In this project, we've implemented a controller for a quadrotor in C++. Experimented on building PID Controller and 3D Dynamics of a quadcopter.

You can find more information about the implementation steps of this project on the project's own [README](/Controls/README.md) file. Also, You can visit the project's original [repository](https://github.com/udacity/FCND-Controls) for further information.

**My Solution**
[Solution](/Controls/src/QuadControl.cpp)
[Solution Write-up](//Controls/report2.pdf)
## Estimation ##

In this project you'll implement an estimator to track the position and attitude of a quadrotor moving in three dimensions.

Commit message:

fix, docs: fixing large file check-in attempt and adding docs
report file for estimation project was too big, so there were multiple
commit failures. This Commit is intented to commit report for the Estimation project
partially and add Estimation project explanation update to main repo's README file.

README.md, after:

# Flying Cars #

A flying car is a type of personal air vehicle or roadable aircraft that provides door-to-door transportation by both ground and air.  Just like **Cora** which is designed by **Kitty Hawk**.
![cora](img/Kitty-Hawk-Cora-Air-Taxi.jpg  "cora")

You can learn more about **Cora** and **Kitty Hawk** by visiting their website

- [Cora](https://cora.aero/)
- [Kitty Hawk](https://kittyhawk.aero/)

This repository is built to showcase completed classroom projects of [Flying Car Nanodegree](https://www.udacity.com/course/flying-car-nanodegree--nd787) offered by [Udacity](https://www.udacity.com/)

This README is broken down into the following sections:
 
 - [Backyard Flyer](#backyard-flyer)
 - [3D Motion Planning](#3d-motion-planning)
 - [Building a Controller](#building-a-controller)
 - [Building an Estimator](#building-an-estimator)

## Backyard Flyer ##
***Make a simulated drone fly in a square shape!***

In this project, we have written the **"Hello, world!"** of drone programming as we write event-driven code that causes a  quadrotor to take off, fly in a square, and land.

This project is the first project of Flying Car Nanodegree as an exercise of *Introduction to Autonomous Flight* section of the program.You can find more information about the implementation steps of this project on the project's own [README](/Backyard-Flyer/README.md) file. Also, You can visit the project's original [repository](https://github.com/udacity/FCND-Backyard-Flyer) for further information.

**My Solution**
[Solution](Backyard-Flyer/backyard_flyer_solution.py)



## 3D Motion Planning ##
In this project, we've got a chance to apply what we've learned about **3D motion planning** from the *Planning* section classes to plan and execute a mission in a complex urban environment!

You can find more information about the implementation steps of this project on the project's own [README](Motion-Planning/README.md) file. Also, You can visit the project's original [repository](https://github.com/udacity/FCND-Motion-Planning) for further information.

**My Solution**
[Solution](/Motion-Planning/planning_utils_solution.py)
[Solution Write-up](/Motion-Planning/FCND-Motion_Planning.pdf)

## Building a Controller ##

In this project, we've implemented a controller for a quadrotor in C++. Experimented on building **PID Controller** and **3D Dynamics** of a quadcopter.

You can find more information about the implementation steps of this project on the project's own [README](/Controls/README.md) file. Also, You can visit the project's original [repository](https://github.com/udacity/FCND-Controls) for further information.

**My Solution**
[Solution](/Controls/src/QuadControl.cpp)
[Solution Write-up](//Controls/report2.pdf)
## Building an Estimator ##

In this project we've implemented an estimator to track the position and attitude of a quadrotor moving in three dimensions. Experimented on **Kalman Filters** **Estimation and Localization**.

You can find more information about the implementation steps of this project on the project's own [README](/Estimation/README.md) file. Also, You can visit the project's original [repository](https://github.com/udacity/FCND-Estimation-CPP) for further information.

**My Solution**
[Solution](/Estimation/src/QuadEstimatorEKF.cpp)
[Solution Write-up](//Controls/report2.pdf)
